Rename favicons.html to custom-head.html (#468)
jekyll/minima: README.md

```

> ### Custom head

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extending the `<head />`
```

> You can custom your `head` by creating a file `_includes/custom-head.html` in your source directory, for example, adding favicons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can *add* custom metadata to the `<head />` of your layouts by creating a file `_includes/custom-head.html` in your source directory. For example, to add favicons:
```
